docs(webhosting): docs webhosting (#1204)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-services/webhosting/concepts.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Webhosting - Concepts
  description: This page explains all the concepts related to Scaleway’s Webhosting service
content:
  h1: Webhosting - Concepts
  paragraph: This page explains all the concepts related to Scaleway’s Webhosting service
tags: managed-services webhosting
categories:
  - managed-services
---

<Concept opened>

## Alias

An email alias is an additional email address for an email account, with which a user can send and receive emails, or set forwards to. A single user account can have multiple email aliases, with different domains or even with the same domain.

</Concept>

<Concept opened>

## Email account

An email account is an email address on which mail is stored (unlike an alias / catchall). You can check your mail accounts via two protocols: POP3 and IMAP.

</Concept>

<Concept opened>

## FTP account

> FTP, or File Transfer Protocol, is a protocol that allows you to transfer files between different computers over the Internet. It allows you, as part of our webhosting offer, to transfer your files from your computer to Scaleway.com - for example, to update your website. It also works vice-versa: you can recover the files stored on Scaleway.com and transfer them to your personal computer, for example to make a backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FTP, or File Transfer Protocol, is a protocol that allows you to transfer files between different computers over the Internet. It allows you, as part of our webhosting offer, to transfer your files from your computer to scaleway.com - for example, to update your website. It also works the other way around: you can recover the files stored on Sscaleway.com and transfer them to your personal computer, for example to make a backup.
```

</Concept>

<Concept>

## Filtering

Filtering allows you to sort your emails depending on different criteria (the sender, the subject, the object and much more). If the email meets one or more criteria you can define different actions (delete the email, move it into a folder, etc).

</Concept>

<Concept>

## htaccess

> `.htaccess` is a simple text file containing commands for the configuration of the Apache webserver. It allows you to personalize the server dynamically and per folder. The configuration values are inherited through directories. Common applications for setting up a `.htaccess` file are switching between PHP4 and PHP5, protection of a part of the site, redirecting a website to another, or customizing error messages. Once on the server, its name must be `.htaccess` with a point ahead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.htaccess` is a simple text file containing commands for the configuration of the Apache webserver. It allows you to personalize the server dynamically and per folder. The configuration values are inherited through directories. Common applications for setting up a `.htaccess` file are switching between PHP4 and PHP5, protection of a part of the site, redirecting a website to another, or customizing error messages. Once on the server, its name must be `.htaccess`, starting with a dot.
```
